Refactor the branding documentation (#73)
owncloud/docs-client-branding: modules/ROOT/pages/ios_app/faq.adoc

= FAQ
:toc: right
:description: This page provides frequently asked questions about branding the iOS app. 

== General Information

See the https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review/[App Review] description from Apple for more details on reviewing an iOS app.

> == Cryptography and Export Classifies Exemptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Cryptography and Export Classification Exemptions
```

> The product does not contain cryptography and does therefore need anyexport exemptions. Although the iOS app is ready to connect via SSL, this does not imply that the iOS app includes any cryptography.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The product does not contain cryptography and does therefore need any export exemptions. Although the iOS app is ready to connect via SSL, this does not imply that the iOS app includes any cryptography.
```

> The product does not contain cryptography and does therefore need any export exemptions. Although the iOS app is ready to connect via SSL, this does not imply that the iOS app includes any cryptography.

Reviewer 2: Should this read "**no** export exemptions" instead of "any"?

> == Utilisation of Document Picker and File Provider Extensions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Utilization of Document Picker and File Provider Extensions
```

> The iOS app takes advantage of the `File Provider` extensions so that those apps that act as `Document Picker` may access to the ownCloud data, edit it and then changes are automatically uploaded back to the ownCloud instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iOS app takes advantage of the `File Provider` extensions so that those apps that act as `Document Picker` may access the ownCloud data, edit it and then changes are automatically uploaded back to the ownCloud instance.
```

== Background Audio

*Questions:*

> * What is the purpose of declaring Audio background mode? Please explain the need for this background mode and where the usage can be found in your binary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* What is the purpose of declaring audio background mode? Please explain the need for this background mode and where the usage can be found in your binary.
```

* Your app declares support for audio in the UIBackgroundModes key in your Info.plist but did not include features that require persistent audio. The audio key is intended for use by applications that provide audible content to the user while in the background, such as music player or streaming audio applications. Please revise your app to provide audible content to the user while the app is in the background or remove the "audio" setting from the UIBackgroundModes key.

*Answer:*

> Sometimes, the first time the ownCloud app is submitted, it is rejected because it includes the background mode option. Apple rejected it because in the past some apps used this trick to avoid the app being fully closed. However, the ownCloud app used it only when music is played. This may be checked by Apple reviewers. What we suggest is to be proactive, instead of waiting for the app to be rejected because of that, add an explanation line, something such as: You may notice that the app is ready to play music not only in foreground but also in background, for you to test it we have uploaded to the test account file xyz.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, the first time the ownCloud app is submitted, it is rejected because it includes the background mode option. Apple rejected it because in the past some apps used this trick to avoid the app being fully closed. However, the ownCloud app uses it only when music is played. This may be checked by Apple reviewers. What we suggest is to be proactive. Instead of waiting for the app to be rejected because of that, add a line of explanation like: You may notice that the app is ready to play music not only in foreground but also in background. For you to test it, we have uploaded to the test account file xyz.
```

> Sometimes, usually, the first time the ownCloud app is submitted, it is rejected because it is included the background mode, Apple rejected it because in the past some apps used this trick to avoid the app to be fully closed. Howerver, the ownCloud app used it only when music is played. This may be checked by Apple reviewers, what we suggest is to be proactive, instead of waiting for the app to be rejected because of that, adding an explanation line, something such as: You may notice that the app is ready to play music not only in foreground but also in background, for you to test it we have uploaded to the test account file xyz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, the first time the ownCloud app is submitted, it is rejected because it includes the background mode option. Apple rejected it because in the past some apps used this trick to avoid the app being fully closed. However, the ownCloud app used it only when music is played. This may be checked by Apple reviewers. What we suggest is to be proactive, instead of waiting for the app to be rejected because of that, add an explanation line, something such as: You may notice that the app is ready to play music not only in foreground but also in background, for you to test it we have uploaded to the test account file xyz.
```

== Content Rights

Does your app contain, display or access third-party content?
 

> If the branded app has the help option enabled, the answer is yes. Within the help, there is access to an external web. Otherwise, no

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the branded app has the help option enabled, the answer is yes. Within the help, there is access to an external web. Otherwise no.
```

> If the branded app has the help option enable, the answer is yes. Within the help, we are having access to an external web. Otherwise, no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the branded app has the help option enabled, the answer is yes. Within the help, there is access to an external web. Otherwise, no
```

== Advertising Identifier (IDFA)

Does this app use the Advertising Identifier (IDFA)?

> No, no ads at all

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No, no ads are used at all.
```

== IPv6 Connectivity

*Question:*
____

> We discovered one or more bugs in your app when reviewed on the iPad and the iPhone running iOS 10.2 on Wi-Fi connected to an IPv6 network - Specifically, the app does not connect to the server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We discovered one or more bugs in your app when reviewed on the iPad and the iPhone running iOS 10.2 on Wi-Fi connected to an IPv6 network. Specifically, the app does not connect to the server.
```
